  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data                                                                                    5, in read_packetoop(most recent call last):
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactlyfull.py", line 25, in read_packetoopself._wait_for_data('readexactly')
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactlyfull.py", line 25
Unexpected exception in the receive looply')
Traceback (most recent call last):on-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()elledError7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4                                                                      d_packetoop
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly                          recv
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')mbed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactlyfull.py", line 25, in read
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_datation.py", line 332, in
    await self._waiter\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving dataror
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unhandled error while receiving data
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 505, in _recv_loop
    body = await self._connection.recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 301, in recv
    raise err
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Unexpected exception in the receive loop
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\runners.py", line 43, in run
    return loop.run_until_complete(main)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\base_events.py", line 571, in run_until_complete
    self.run_forever()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\base_events.py", line 539, in run_forever
    self._run_once()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\base_events.py", line 1775, in _run_once
    handle._run()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\events.py", line 88, in _run
    self._context.run(self._callback, *self._args)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 470, in _send_loop
    data = self._state.encrypt_message_data(data)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotostate.py", line 149, in encrypt_message_data
    AES.encrypt_ige(data + padding, aes_key, aes_iv))
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\crypto\aes.py", line 101, in encrypt_ige
    cipher_text_block = aes.encrypt(plain_text_block)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\pyaes\aes.py", line 224, in encrypt
    t = copy.copy(a)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\copy.py", line 66, in copy
    def copy(x):
  File "_pydevd_frame_eval/pydevd_frame_evaluator.pyx", line 155, in _pydevd_frame_eval.pydevd_frame_evaluator.dummy_trace_dispatch
  File "_pydevd_bundle/pydevd_cython.pyx", line 1457, in _pydevd_bundle.pydevd_cython.SafeCallWrapper.__call__
  File "_pydevd_bundle/pydevd_cython.pyx", line 1758, in _pydevd_bundle.pydevd_cython.ThreadTracer.__call__
  File "c:\program files\microsoft visual studio\2022\enterprise\common7\ide\extensions\microsoft\python\core\debugpy\_vendored\pydevd\_pydev_bundle\pydev_is_thread_alive.py", line 9, in is_thread_alive
    def is_thread_alive(t):
KeyboardInterrupt

During handling of the above exception, another exception occurred:

Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 332, in _recv_loop
    data = await self._recv()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\connection.py", line 369, in _recv
    return await self._codec.read_packet(self._reader)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\connection\tcpfull.py", line 25, in read_packet
    packet_len_seq = await reader.readexactly(8)  # 4 and 4
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 679, in readexactly
    await self._wait_for_data('readexactly')
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\streams.py", line 473, in _wait_for_data
    await self._waiter
concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
0 --- 6282115396450 采集成员信息,异常.CancelledError()Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:

Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Error executing high-level request after reconnect: <class 'concurrent.futures._base.CancelledError'>:
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\runpy.py", line 193, in _run_module_as_main
    "__main__", mod_spec)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\runpy.py", line 85, in _run_code
    exec(code, run_globals)
  File "c:\program files\microsoft visual studio\2022\enterprise\common7\ide\extensions\microsoft\python\core\debugpy\adapter/../..\debugpy\launcher/../..\debugpy\__main__.py", line 39, in <module>
    cli.main()
  File "c:\program files\microsoft visual studio\2022\enterprise\common7\ide\extensions\microsoft\python\core\debugpy\adapter/../..\debugpy\launcher/../..\debugpy/..\debugpy\server\cli.py", line 430, in main
    run()
  File "c:\program files\microsoft visual studio\2022\enterprise\common7\ide\extensions\microsoft\python\core\debugpy\adapter/../..\debugpy\launcher/../..\debugpy/..\debugpy\server\cli.py", line 284, in run_file
    runpy.run_path(target, run_name="__main__")
  File "c:\program files\microsoft visual studio\2022\enterprise\common7\ide\extensions\microsoft\python\core\debugpy\_vendored\pydevd\_pydevd_bundle\pydevd_runpy.py", line 322, in run_path
    pkg_name=pkg_name, script_name=fname)
  File "c:\program files\microsoft visual studio\2022\enterprise\common7\ide\extensions\microsoft\python\core\debugpy\_vendored\pydevd\_pydevd_bundle\pydevd_runpy.py", line 136, in _run_module_code
    mod_name, mod_spec, pkg_name, script_name)
  File "c:\program files\microsoft visual studio\2022\enterprise\common7\ide\extensions\microsoft\python\core\debugpy\_vendored\pydevd\_pydevd_bundle\pydevd_runpy.py", line 124, in _run_code
    exec(code, run_globals)
  File "D:\Work\TestDemo\TestPyTeleth\TestPyTeleth\T_001\Test_Debug_TgCollectPublicGroupMembersItem.py", line 176, in <module>
    rst = asyncio.run(work())
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\runners.py", line 43, in run
    return loop.run_until_complete(main)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\runners.py", line 53, in _cancel_all_tasks
    def _cancel_all_tasks(loop):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\base_events.py", line 549, in run_until_complete
    def run_until_complete(self, future):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\base_events.py", line 522, in run_forever
    def run_forever(self):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\base_events.py", line 1679, in _run_once
    def _run_once(self):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\events.py", line 86, in _run
    def _run(self):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\client\telegrambaseclient.py", line 692, in _disconnect_coro
    async def _disconnect_coro(self: 'TelegramClient'):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\client\telegrambaseclient.py", line 726, in _disconnect
    async def _disconnect(self: 'TelegramClient'):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 146, in disconnect
    async def disconnect(self):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 312, in _disconnect
    async def _disconnect(self, error=None):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\helpers.py", line 166, in _cancel
    async def _cancel(log, **tasks):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\runners.py", line 43, in run
    return loop.run_until_complete(main)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\base_events.py", line 571, in run_until_complete
    self.run_forever()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\base_events.py", line 539, in run_forever
    self._run_once()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\base_events.py", line 1775, in _run_once
    handle._run()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\events.py", line 88, in _run
    self._context.run(self._callback, *self._args)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 470, in _send_loop
    data = self._state.encrypt_message_data(data)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotostate.py", line 149, in encrypt_message_data
    AES.encrypt_ige(data + padding, aes_key, aes_iv))
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\crypto\aes.py", line 101, in encrypt_ige
    cipher_text_block = aes.encrypt(plain_text_block)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\pyaes\aes.py", line 224, in encrypt
    t = copy.copy(a)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\copy.py", line 66, in copy
    def copy(x):
  File "_pydevd_frame_eval/pydevd_frame_evaluator.pyx", line 155, in _pydevd_frame_eval.pydevd_frame_evaluator.dummy_trace_dispatch
  File "_pydevd_bundle/pydevd_cython.pyx", line 1457, in _pydevd_bundle.pydevd_cython.SafeCallWrapper.__call__
  File "_pydevd_bundle/pydevd_cython.pyx", line 1758, in _pydevd_bundle.pydevd_cython.ThreadTracer.__call__
  File "c:\program files\microsoft visual studio\2022\enterprise\common7\ide\extensions\microsoft\python\core\debugpy\_vendored\pydevd\_pydev_bundle\pydev_is_thread_alive.py", line 9, in is_thread_alive
    def is_thread_alive(t):
KeyboardInterrupt
FunPerProgressForTask --- 1
FunAccountWorkDone --- None
Task exception was never retrieved
future: <Task finished coro=<TelegramBaseClient._disconnect_coro() done, defined at C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\client\telegrambaseclient.py:692> exception=KeyboardInterrupt()>
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\runpy.py", line 193, in _run_module_as_main
    "__main__", mod_spec)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\runpy.py", line 85, in _run_code
    exec(code, run_globals)
  File "c:\program files\microsoft visual studio\2022\enterprise\common7\ide\extensions\microsoft\python\core\debugpy\adapter/../..\debugpy\launcher/../..\debugpy\__main__.py", line 39, in <module>
    cli.main()
  File "c:\program files\microsoft visual studio\2022\enterprise\common7\ide\extensions\microsoft\python\core\debugpy\adapter/../..\debugpy\launcher/../..\debugpy/..\debugpy\server\cli.py", line 430, in main
    run()
  File "c:\program files\microsoft visual studio\2022\enterprise\common7\ide\extensions\microsoft\python\core\debugpy\adapter/../..\debugpy\launcher/../..\debugpy/..\debugpy\server\cli.py", line 284, in run_file
    runpy.run_path(target, run_name="__main__")
  File "c:\program files\microsoft visual studio\2022\enterprise\common7\ide\extensions\microsoft\python\core\debugpy\_vendored\pydevd\_pydevd_bundle\pydevd_runpy.py", line 322, in run_path
    pkg_name=pkg_name, script_name=fname)
  File "c:\program files\microsoft visual studio\2022\enterprise\common7\ide\extensions\microsoft\python\core\debugpy\_vendored\pydevd\_pydevd_bundle\pydevd_runpy.py", line 136, in _run_module_code
    mod_name, mod_spec, pkg_name, script_name)
  File "c:\program files\microsoft visual studio\2022\enterprise\common7\ide\extensions\microsoft\python\core\debugpy\_vendored\pydevd\_pydevd_bundle\pydevd_runpy.py", line 124, in _run_code
    exec(code, run_globals)
  File "D:\Work\TestDemo\TestPyTeleth\TestPyTeleth\T_001\Test_Debug_TgCollectPublicGroupMembersItem.py", line 176, in <module>
    rst = asyncio.run(work())
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\runners.py", line 43, in run
    return loop.run_until_complete(main)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\runners.py", line 53, in _cancel_all_tasks
    def _cancel_all_tasks(loop):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\base_events.py", line 549, in run_until_complete
    def run_until_complete(self, future):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\base_events.py", line 522, in run_forever
    def run_forever(self):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\base_events.py", line 1679, in _run_once
    def _run_once(self):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\events.py", line 86, in _run
    def _run(self):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\client\telegrambaseclient.py", line 692, in _disconnect_coro
    async def _disconnect_coro(self: 'TelegramClient'):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\client\telegrambaseclient.py", line 726, in _disconnect
    async def _disconnect(self: 'TelegramClient'):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 146, in disconnect
    async def disconnect(self):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 312, in _disconnect
    async def _disconnect(self, error=None):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\helpers.py", line 166, in _cancel
    async def _cancel(log, **tasks):
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\runners.py", line 43, in run
    return loop.run_until_complete(main)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\base_events.py", line 571, in run_until_complete
    self.run_forever()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\base_events.py", line 539, in run_forever
    self._run_once()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\base_events.py", line 1775, in _run_once
    handle._run()
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\asyncio\events.py", line 88, in _run
    self._context.run(self._callback, *self._args)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotosender.py", line 470, in _send_loop
    data = self._state.encrypt_message_data(data)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\network\mtprotostate.py", line 149, in encrypt_message_data
    AES.encrypt_ige(data + padding, aes_key, aes_iv))
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\telethon\crypto\aes.py", line 101, in encrypt_ige
    cipher_text_block = aes.encrypt(plain_text_block)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\site-packages\pyaes\aes.py", line 224, in encrypt
    t = copy.copy(a)
  File "C:\ProgramData\Python\python-3.7.3-embed-amd64\lib\copy.py", line 66, in copy
    def copy(x):
  File "_pydevd_frame_eval/pydevd_frame_evaluator.pyx", line 155, in _pydevd_frame_eval.pydevd_frame_evaluator.dummy_trace_dispatch
  File "_pydevd_bundle/pydevd_cython.pyx", line 1457, in _pydevd_bundle.pydevd_cython.SafeCallWrapper.__call__
  File "_pydevd_bundle/pydevd_cython.pyx", line 1758, in _pydevd_bundle.pydevd_cython.ThreadTracer.__call__
  File "c:\program files\microsoft visual studio\2022\enterprise\common7\ide\extensions\microsoft\python\core\debugpy\_vendored\pydevd\_pydev_bundle\pydev_is_thread_alive.py", line 9, in is_thread_alive
    def is_thread_alive(t):
KeyboardInterrupt
Press any key to continue . . .
